README.md, before:

# Introduction :: Qitmeer Documentation

**Bitcoin and Blockchain**

Bitcoin was born with revolution, and it opened a new world that currency issuance becomes open and fair by a cryptography-based decentralized payment network. With the arrival of 10-years birth of bitcoin, the blockchain infrastructure is facing various challenges from technical aspects. The underlying mechanism of Bitcoin, the blockchain, was found capable of playing a significant role in the financial field.

a blockchain is an immutable transaction database, which maintained by peer nodes which communicated with each other within a Peer-to-Peer distributed network. For each peer, which validate and apply transactions according to a consensus protocol. The transcations grouped into blocks that linked by a hash from one block to the preceding block, aka _the chain of block_ which is the name of blockchain is coming from.

**Qitmeer BlockDAG**

Qitmeer regards openness,fairness, fault tolerance, scalability as the core metrics to assess a promising blockchain paradigm, and a blockchain system achieved a desirable balance among these metrics is regarded as Classical Blockchain Setting.

Qitmeer use SPECTRE as its fundamental Consensus protocol. SPECTRE is a fast-confirmation and high-throughput BlockDAG protocol(Directed Acyclic Graph of blocks, a blockDAG), which guarantees high performance in a payment network. Additionally, Qitmeer introduces another high-throughput BlockDAG protocol GhostDAG, which is highlighted on unprecedentedly supporting transactions linearly ordering, to circumvent SPECTRE’s weak liveness and provide ordering service for the fair scheme of the reward system.

**Qitmeer POW**

Qitmeer Consensus is compliant with Classical Blockchain Setting - it could enter and leave network freely by Proof-of-Work, and the collaboration model of DAG ledger guarantees that miners gain rewards consistent with their devotion, 50% faulty tolerance as secure as bitcoin, robust scalability that is only subject to physical network limit. The mining algorithm is also a vital source of fairness other than consensus algorithm per se. Cuckoo Ring is a graph theory based proof-of-work mining algorithm and is practically ASIC resistant due to memory-hard calculation.

**Qitmeer token & Islamic financial ecosystem**

Qitmeer originates a UTXO-based unique token insurance scheme, which has effectively answered two main concerns: Intrinsic Value and Assets Authentication. Issuing a certain amount of assets must consume a certain amount of the native currency; moreover, entities must be warranted a license to issue assets.

Qitmeer devises a family of specifications and protocols to embrace the whole Islamic financial ecosystem, such as wallet and miners. As for interoperability, Qitmeer calls for utilizing cross-chain protocols to integrate various cryptocurrencies and offer reliable off-chain smart contract services.

[**Qitmeer mining difficulty adjustment**](https://github.com/objemmanuel/docs/blob/master/.gitbook/assets/qitmeer%20difficulty%20description/README.md)

Commit message:

GITBOOK-3: change request with no subject merged in GitBook

README.md, after:

# Introduction

Qitmeer Network is a public blockchain based on the MeerDAG consensus, aiming to provide comprehensive solutions for distributed applications and organizations.

As a community-driven public chain, Qitmeer Network adheres to the concept of openness and inclusiveness, and is committed to building an ecologically prosperous, decentralized, high-performance public blockchain by allowing users and open source developers to become dominant through open collaboration, privacy protection, and ecological co-construction. It makes important contributions to the future digital economy and Islamic finance, and becomes a multi-industry, multi-scene, multi-application integrated solution provider, laying a solid foundation and a new paradigm for the web3 market.

Qitmeer Network has the following advantages:

1. High Performance and Scalability

Qitmeer Network adopts the revolutionary MeerDAG consensus protocol and Layer1+layer2 multi-layer network structure to support horizontal and vertical scaling, providing higher performance and scalability to meet users' needs better..

2. &#x20;High security and decentralization

Qitmeer Network combines the PoW consensus mechanism and adopts the mature and stable Meer Keccak workload proof algorithm to comprehensively improve the decentralization and security of the blockchain through a distributed node network.

3. Strong EVM compatibility

The QNG network on Qitmeer Network is compatible with all EVM smart contracts. It is a pluggable smart contract execution engine under the MeerDAG consensus, supports the contract development ecology of Ethereum, and opens the door for the expansion of Qitmeer's smart contract application ecology.

4. Excellent ecosystem

&#x20;    Qitmeer Network has abundant scenarios, including AIGC, games, finance, digital identity, supply chain and many other fields, as well as a rich developer community, hundreds of thousands of eco-users and application ecosystems, providing a solid foundation and support for its long-term development.

\
\
